feat(capabilities): Add capabilites message type (#1049)
astarte-platform/astarte: CHANGELOG.md

  `booleanarray`, `longintegerarray`, `stringarray`, `datetimearray`, `binaryblobarray`.
- [astarte_export] Added a new command for exporting by device_id. 
  `mix astarte.export $REALM $FILE_XML $DEVICE_ID`

> - [astarte_data_updater_plant] Added the `capabilities` endpoint for devices,
>   setting whether the device should get the purge properties compressed with
>   `zlib` or in plaintext

Reviewer: Let's split the capabilities feature from its current values, something like:
```suggestion
- [astarte_data_updater_plant] Handle `capabilities` messages,
  which allow the device to declare whether it supports optional
  Astarte MQTT v1 protocol features. For the moment,
  just purge properties compression format is customizable.
```
